>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now,
if we go into our reducer, what we can do
is we can now take this here and we can
update this to ProjectsAction,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Types.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Select project,
and if we go here,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is this add project,
did I,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So here I called it
AddProject, I might go back and refactor
that to be create so it's consistent.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: UpdateProject,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: DeleteProject.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What's
this thing angry about?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Double check
make sure I got everything.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: ProjectSelected,
I would do that about three times and
I'd be like okay, enough, and
I would just refactor it.
But since we are on a highway
going 100 miles an hour,
I will just leave it as it is.
All right, so now,
in our projects component,
instead of doing this right here,
where we're creating something,
let's go new, AddProject.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we're going to
pass in the project is the payload.
Again, super safe,
we'll go update, project,
let me make sure I get the import correct,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Project and
we'll go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what's super
cool about this is that now the code is
starting to almost read kind of
almost like a natural language.
And so I believe that code
should be self documenting.
And so when you look at this it's like,
okay, I know exactly what's happening,
and AddProject,
UpdateProject, DeleteProject.
So save this, and
let's verify that everything is loading.
Now look over here projects,
update data, add data.
So, this just got empty, and
that's super great, delete data.
So, as it's coming through,
it's a lot easier to understand
kind of what's happening.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here we go,
we'll just see this happen one more time.
Update data and so what we've just simply
done in this particular module is we've
went through and we have removed
these generic object script objects,
and we've made them strongly typed.
So now that there's some extra citation
about what this is going to do and
how it's going to flow
through the application.
And where it becomes really critical is in
your reducer, when you're listening for
an action type,
then it's easy to keep it's type safe.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Any
questions on what I've done?
Taking generic objects
turning them into strongly
typed safe action objects that we can
then pass around our application, and then
not have to worry about them colliding.
I've seen that it's not possible, but
it's much more unlikely versus generic
strings and generic objects, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Why do you put
projects in brackets and actions?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So when it comes here,
I'm not going to put anything in there.
I mean it could be even,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's mainly so
that I have kind of semantically,
that I know okay,
this is the entity that I'm working on.
And this is what happened is
that I've just selected it, or
I'm adding data to this,
or I'm updating data.
Does that makes sense?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So you could put
anything in here, but I recommend creating
something that's self descriptive so
that it is flying through here if
you're trying to track it down.
You can look in and know exactly what,
when you click on this,
you know like what happened and
what you're gonna see in the payload.